That chainsaw isn't  ever going to  start, but  they won't stop trying. Over and over. The heat, the sun. My head. I'm out there with them now, supervising. There's a manual pole saw on the truck. It's just a sapling for fuck's sake. I remove the cutting head from the attachment and bend down. In less then 30 seconds I'm done. They pull the fallen tree across the grass and feed it into the chipper. I see the baseball--white and clean. The game can now continue.  They pick up the ball and replace it with a marker.  All runners advance one base and the ball is thrown hard at my face. I don't have a mitt. I duck and it sails over the fence. One run is in; Two runs are in. The game is over and we lose. The uniforms are collected on the field. It start to snow. My shoes are flapping as I walk through the slush. 

On the bus now. I see my stop and pull the cord. The bus speeds up and enters the freeway, almost tipping over taking the entrance ramp too fast. I feel the acceleration and then we leave the ground. Beautiful take-off. Then the big left turn. Out the window I'm looking straight down at the celebratory bonfires on the baseball field. The plane breaks through the dark clouds into bright sunshine and levels off.  They bring me a cocktail and I fall asleep. 

-------------------------------------

Wake up, shower, shave and iron a shirt. Haircut yesterday still looks good, and 5 years ago, someone said I looked like I was still in my early 40s. 5 years ago I was 53. However, with every passing year, the gap between how old I look and how old I really am gets narrower.

For my job interview I show up 15 minutes early. The receptionist seems genuinely excited that I'm being considered for this position. I've been here 15 years. They know me. I feel sorry for her--sorry that she doesn't know what everyone else knows-- that I'm dead on arrival.   I'm only here so that they can say they interviewed several qualified candidates-- I already who they're going to hire, and he's a fine fellow as as far as I'm concerned. 
"You can wait in Conference Room 2," she says and asks if I want a coffe. I decline and go into the room. 
I pull out the laptop, check a few emails and put it away before the committe starts arriving. Dude named Brent immediately becomes cunty and stern. "You need to  wait outside." I go back out to reception. The rest of the committee arrives.  I can see them through the glass. After a bit of chatter and what looks like a couple of great jokes,  Brent picks up his cell and makes a call. The receptionist's phone rings. "They'll see you now," she says, still with that incredible naive cheerfulness. She's my champion. 
I smile and tell her thanks.   
I walk in but I don't  take the chair they've offered me,  the one at the end of the table under the bare flourescents.  Instead I offer my hand to Brent with a big smile. "Nice to finally meet you,  Brent. I assume this position reports directly to you..." He stands and  seems to flush with pride.  "Why yes, the person in this role would report directly to me." 
I continue to shake his hand, smiling. I look him straight in the eye. "I've heard a lot of things about you, Brent." His face turns a little woody. I let go of  his hand. He seems confused and remains standing.   I then look at each of the other three men in the room. "Gentlemen," I say, and then I turn and walk out. I don't rush but I don't look back either. I exit the building. It's a beautiful warm January day. I get in my car and head down to a coffee shop where I spend the next 4 hours watching youtube videos of homeless people on the streets of Philadelphia. 



